.TH "sotpalbot" 1 "January 30, 2022"
.SH NAME
sotpalbot \- SOTPAL Discord Bot
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsotpalbot\fR [\fItoken\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
sotpalbot manages games of "Some of These People are Lying".  The game consists
of a host and multiple players, all of which have selected, read, and secretely
submitted Wikipedia articles.  An article is selected at random to start each
round, and the host must guess who submitted the article.  To do this, they ask
each player a series of questions or, alternatively, listen to a description
from each player about the chosen subject.
.PP
The game operates based on a game/round system, whereby one game can be started
per guild at a time, then one round can be started by a host once enough
articles have been submitted.  Multiple game/round expansion is a possible
addition with the present code architecture.
.PP
Command permissions are based on a couple of roles, "SOTPAL Trusted" and
"SOTPAL Untrusted", which act as the control units for game moderation.  An
expansion can be added which allows for game state privilege overrides.
.SH USAGE
Commands are issued via registered Application Commands \- commands within a
guild prefixed by a slash. The following are a list of all commands:
.SS Start
Start a game of SOTPAL.
.SS End
End a game of SOTPAL.
.SS Article
Start a round of SOTPAL by randomly selecting an article.
.SS Guess
End a round of SOTPAL by guessing who submitted the article.
.SS Submit
Submit an article.
.SS Remove
Remove an article.
.SS Print
Print out the list of submitted articles.
.SS Clear
Clear the list of submitted articles.
.SH BUGS
Any articles submitted by users who are later untrusted remain in the submitted
list.  To avoid this, any users untrusted during the game should be untrusted
using the Remove command's Untrust option.  A race condition may still occur
where a user gets an article in immediately before they are banned.
.SH DIRECTION
As the Discord API stablises, the system of command permissions will be used
rather than the current checks.
.SH AUTHOR
FearlessDoggo21
